Release 1.28 (#839)
coder/docs: changelog/1.28.0.md

---
title: "1.28.0"
description: "Released on 02/16/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

> There are no breaking changes in 1.28.0.

Reviewer: can we add a note in here, we now require Kubernetes 1.21 for 1.28: https://github.com/coder/enterprise-helm/pull/215

I can open a PR if you'd prefer

```
### Breaking changes ❗

- infra: Coder now requires the use of Kubernetes v1.21 or later. See Coder's
  [version support policy] for more information.

<!-- Turn off linting to avoid changing the link -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->

[version support policy]:
  ../setup/kubernetes/index.md#supported-kubernetes-versions

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->
```

---
title: "1.28.0"
description: "Released on 02/16/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

- infra: Coder v1.28.x requires the use of Kubernetes v1.21 or later. See
  Coder's [version support policy] for more information.

<!-- Turn off linting to avoid changing the link -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD044 -->

[version support policy]:
  ../setup/kubernetes/index.md#supported-kubernetes-versions

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD044 -->

### Features ✨

- web: added support for requesting additional scopes from the OIDC
  authentication provider.
- web: added prompt for new users to link their Git accounts when signing in for
  the first time.
- C4D: added ability to view Docker workspace providers in the dashboard and
  edit its name and organizations whitelist.
- C4D: added support for remote Postgres databases to Coder for Docker.
- cli: added ability for authenticated users to obtain their OIDC access token

>   from the Coder CLI using `coder tokens get-oidc-access-token`.

Reviewer 2: We should add that this requires it to be enabled in the OIDC admin config page

- api: added `autostart_at` field to the information returned about users.
- infra: updated code-server to 4.0.2.
- infra: added [support for a single access URL](../admin/satellites/geodns.md)

>   to be used for both primary and satellite deployments using GeoDNS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  to be used for both primary and satellite deployments using geo DNS.
```
